OPTs alternate extraction and injection with no net water extraction
Wellbore skin is a near-well region with different permeability than
Rate-dependent skin is a screen-scale head loss proportional to the
No existing OPT model jointly incorporates wellbore skin and
Aquifer head equation for radially symmetric flow produced by the OPT.
Well surface boundary condition coupling aquifer flux to pumping rate
Inner boundary condition containing the rate-dependent screen head
Wave phasor equation with transformed well and aquifer boundary
Single inner boundary relation in Equations 8 and 9.
Boundary-constrained aquifer phasor in Equation 10.
Time-domain aquifer head response in Equation 11.
Signed model-output sensitivities for individual aquifer and well
DIM share for each parameter's sensitivity within the total
Logarithmic coordinates for all four estimated parameters.
Candidate Equation 11 parameter values for post-processing.
Post-processed parameter values and predicted field heads for each
Standard error of estimation for each fitted solution.
Mean prediction error for each fitted solution.
Relative peak agreement with SEE and ME evidence for the three
The solution containing both wellbore skin and rate-dependent skin